improve java installation (#60)
PolyMC/polymc.github.io: src/wiki/getting-started/installing-java.md

Currently, we recommend heading over to [Adoptium](https://adoptium.net/) to install the latest versions of Java. Minecraft 1.17 and upwards will require **Temurin 17 (LTS)** while anything below will require **Temurin 8 (LTS).**

* 1.17 or newer **Temurin 17 (LTS)**
* 1.16.5 or lower **Temurin 8 (LTS)**

> NOTE: you can use the openjdk build you want, like [Azul Zulu](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?package=jdk#download-openjdk), they'll work good the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can use any OpenJFK build you want. [Azul Zulu](https://www.azul.com/downloads/?package=jdk#download-openjdk) is a popular alternative to Temurin, which will work as well.
```
